.TH "typo3-site-installer" "1" "3.5.0-7" "Edelhard Becker" ""
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
typo3\-site\-installer, an installer for fresh TYPO3 sites
    
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
typo3\-site\-installer [OPTION]... \-d, \-\-destination=<\fIdir\fP>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
This small script will create an initial TYPO3 site for you.
Optionally it can fix the permissions on an already existing site.
.br 
When used only with the mandatory
\fB\-d, \-\-destination=\fR<\fIdir\fP> flag, this script
creates the given \fIdir\fP and the necessary files and
symlinks inside it just below your actual directory.
The permissions are set up correctly (so an additional \fB\-f\fR is not
necessary). \fIdir\fP must not exist in your current
working directory.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-f, \-\-fix\-permissions\fR
Fixes the permissions for an already existing Typo3 site inside the given \fIdir\fP.
.br
Note that this option requires root privileges.
.TP 
\fB\-a, \-\-always\-latest\fR
If set, the symlink typo3_src will point to /var/lib/typo3/latest which is a
symbolic link to the most recent TYPO3 version.
.br
If \fB\-a\fR is not specified, the script lookup and use the target of the above
symlink.
.TP 
\fB\-g, \-\-group=\fR<\fIgroup\fP>
If a group is specified, the script will change the group ownership of the site
directory to \fIgroup\fP.
.br
Note that this option requires root privileges.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
The simplest way to create a new site is to create it below /var/www. This
way you simply can access it via http://localhost/newsite/ (you must
be root to do this).
.LP 
cd /var/www
.LP 
typo3\-site\-installer \-d newsite
.LP 
If you don't have access to /var/www you can create the site in your
$HOME/public_html directory.
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Edelhard Becker <edelhard@debian.org>
.br
Michael Stucki  <mundaun@gmx.ch>
